Meeting held on 9/18, met with client
Attendance: Andrew, Rob, Sean, Oliver

ACTION ITEMS DUE:
-Come up with any additional questions for meeting> DONE

Minutes:
Had major misunderstanding of project, we planned for too large of an application
unable to use SQL or a webserver
application does not need authentication at this time
needs to be quick and efficient to log tickets as quickly as possible

NEW ACTION ITEMS Due for next meeting:
-ALL Members-> Prepare a new out look on project nd come up with questions and a slight idea of GUI
